props are for me personally always a bit
of a nightmare
because I am not very good at doing two
things at the same time you better get
in that kiosk here's your gift
actually yes he's not eligible for their
gift the only paid a pal one of the
really annoying ones was in the
Christmas special I naturally did this
quite funny move with a cigarette yeah
yeah well I remember the box picking it
I had put a cigarette in my mouth
picked up the present gave it to God was
told that they was it hadn't paid his
pants he wasn't eligible
no no no right just let's just do again
just again and I missed out a line as
well and took the present back in an
Arizona and it was that and I did it
naturally the first time perfectly could
I remember after that no but the present
in my mouth probably given him a
cigarette you know it was actually an
ass he's not eligible for the gift eonni
paid up um